JVMH Infotech is #hiring for its Client in 
Austin, Texas, United States

No c2c proposals please 
No Bench Sales Mails please 
Direct Candidates only 

Title: IA Project Manager
Type: Contract
Job function: Project Manager

Relocation assistance: No
Visa sponsorship eligibility: No

Experience level : 
Experience in managing all phases of large and complex technical projects.
Experience in creating and maintaining various project artifacts including; Project Timeline, Risk & Issue Log, Communication Plan, Stakeholder Register, etc.
Experience with general IT SDLC processesExperience in identifying and managing project risks and issues.
 Skilled in creating and presenting executive level project communications.
Skilled in gathering requirements from business divisions.
Skilled in educating business unit staff on standardized processes.
Possess strong verbal and written skills in communicating with peers and different levels of users including executive staff.
Skilled in facilitating large group meetings with internal and external resources.
Skilled in collaborating with the technical and functional teams to develop the Technical Specification and other documents need in support of the solution.
Experience in implementing Enterprise Systems Integration.

Interested Candidates please share your resume on haresh.raisinghani@jvmhinfo.com
and fill your details on https://lnkd.in/gK_qWi68

Job Description: 
The Project Manager is an Information Technology (IT) position that will manage components of highly complex and visible projects and/or program initiatives, with a strong emphasis on Digital Delivery and AI-enabled solutions. This role will follow project management methodologies and governance processes to deliver work products on time and within a set budget. The role will also collaborate with the end-user and key stakeholders to provide status updates and gather requirements, with the vendor on their implementation and delivery of contract deliverables, and with the internal IT Team. The Project Manager will be responsible for maintaining and managing the timeline for multiple projects. Further, this individual will work to identify project risks and issues and proactively manage a plan to mitigate the risks and resolve the issues.